Searching, Installing, and Removing Tools
The default Kali release contains the
most common tools used
in the field of penetration testing.
However, it’s not practical to include
every single tool present
in the Kali repository in the
default release.
In this section, we will be exploring
the Advanced Package Tool toolset
as well as other commands to
search for, install, or remove tools.
APT is a set of tools that helps
manage packages,
or applications, on a Debian-based
system.
Since Kali is based on Debian, we can use
APT to install and remove applications,
update packages, and even upgrade
the entire system.
The magic of APT lies in the fact that it
is a complete package management system
that installs or removes the requested
package
by recursively satisfying its
requirements and dependencies.